src/Modal/Modal.mdx, before:

import { ArgsTable, Story, Preview } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Modal } from './Modal';

# Modal

Modals are large UI elements that sit on top of an application's main window—often with a layer of transparency behind them to give users a peek into the main app. 
To return to the application's main interface, users must interact with the modal layer.

<ArgsTable of={Modal} />

## Anatomy

- **Header:** Includes the title, helper text and close icon
- **Body:** Contains the information and / or interface elements for the user to complete a task
- **Footer:**  Includes the actions to cancel or complete a task. The buttons variants change depending on the modal’s variant. 
- **Overlay** Obscures and disables the background content

## Best practices

- The button group should be right aligned with the main action to complete the task to the utmost right.
- Use sparingly, they can be annoying when used too frequently. They are disruptive
- Avoid cases where we go from one modal to another modal
- Use when we want to focus the user’s attention
- Use to collect input from user
- Use to show relevant info
- Should be initiated by the user: don’t use when user hasn’t triggered the modal
- Should not include more than 2 interactions

## Guidelines 

### General

### Implementation

`ModalHeader` 
- Only use the `title` prop to display the title
- Always use the `onRequestClose` prop to ensure the close button is available for users in the top right-hand corner
- Don't add a leading icon unless it's `variant` of 'warning' or 'danger'

`ModalBody`
- Always wrap your content in an element 
-  `<p>` If the body content of the modal is only text 
- Sub-headings should be no larger than an `h5`
- If the content is more complex (e.g. forms, lists, checkboxes, etc.) reach out to the design team for clarification on consistency

```
DO: 

<ModalBody>
  <p>Some content goes here.</p>
</ModalBody>

DON'T:

<ModalBody>
  Some content goes here.
</ModalBody>

```

`ModalFooter`
- Always ensure you are using the proper button 
- `variant='warning'` should use the primary button and color 
- `variant='danger'` should use the outlined danger button and color 

### Copy 
1. **Be clear and concise:** Exercise brevity over personality and use precise language.
2. **Use active voice:** Active voice = the subject performs the action denoted by the verb.
3. **Lead with what’s important:** Hit on higher priority information as early on as possible.
4. **Be as helpful as possible:** Include more recommendations, details, etc over personality.
5. **Be consistent:** Be mindful to keep terminology, sentence structure, type casing, etc the same
- For additional Copy information [User Interviews Style Guide for Copy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cP9svm0tzM_e5JonUMr1HPEgcnlo__S8t0wd3Xi3i5w/view)

## Stories

### Base modal

- To use in projects as the foundation of any modal. We might need to detach it to customize it.

### Transactional modal

- The user needs to take an action for the modal to be completed and closed. It contains the cancel and primary action buttons.

### Warning modal 

- They appear in anticipation of a significant change. Used mainly to inform but not alarm.

### Danger modal 

- Used for destructive or irreversible actions. We should explain the impact of proceeding with this action.

Commit message:

feature/UIDS-248 update modal spacing and content (#253)
* adjusts padding on ModalHeader and ModalFooter

* update light font for Header subtitle and Body

* adds Medium sized Modal

* test

* use MODAL_SIZES in stories + scss adjustments

src/Modal/Modal.mdx, after:

import { ArgsTable, Story, Preview } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Modal } from './Modal';

# Modal

Modals are large UI elements that sit on top of an application's main window—often with a layer of transparency behind them to give users a peek into the main app. 
To return to the application's main interface, users must interact with the modal layer.

<ArgsTable of={Modal} />

## Anatomy

- **Header:** Includes the title, helper text and close icon
- **Body:** Contains the information and / or interface elements for the user to complete a task
- **Footer:**  Includes the actions to cancel or complete a task. The buttons variants change depending on the modal’s variant. 
- **Overlay** Obscures and disables the background content

## Best practices

- The button group should be right aligned with the main action to complete the task to the utmost right.
- Use sparingly, they can be annoying when used too frequently. They are disruptive
- Avoid cases where we go from one modal to another modal
- Use when we want to focus the user’s attention
- Use to collect input from user
- Use to show relevant info
- Should be initiated by the user: don’t use when user hasn’t triggered the modal
- Should not include more than 2 interactions

## Guidelines 

### General

### Implementation

`ModalHeader` 
- Only use the `title` prop to display the title
- Always use the `onRequestClose` prop to ensure the close button is available for users in the top right-hand corner
- Don't add a leading icon unless it's `variant` of 'warning' or 'danger'

`ModalBody`
- Always wrap your content in an element 
-  `<p>` If the body content of the modal is only text 
- Sub-headings should be no larger than an `h5`
- If the content is more complex (e.g. forms, lists, checkboxes, etc.) reach out to the design team for clarification on consistency

```
DO: 

<ModalBody>
  <p>Some content goes here.</p>
</ModalBody>

DON'T:

<ModalBody>
  Some content goes here.
</ModalBody>

```

`ModalFooter`
- Always ensure you are using the proper button 
- `variant='warning'` should use the primary button and color 
- `variant='danger'` should use the outlined danger button and color 

### Copy 
1. **Be clear and concise:** Exercise brevity over personality and use precise language.
2. **Use active voice:** Active voice = the subject performs the action denoted by the verb.
3. **Lead with what’s important:** Hit on higher priority information as early on as possible.
4. **Be as helpful as possible:** Include more recommendations, details, etc over personality.
5. **Be consistent:** Be mindful to keep terminology, sentence structure, type casing, etc the same
- For additional Copy information [User Interviews Style Guide for Copy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cP9svm0tzM_e5JonUMr1HPEgcnlo__S8t0wd3Xi3i5w/view)

## Stories

### Default

- To use in projects as the foundation of any modal. We might need to detach it to customize it.

### Medium Modal 

- For a wider content area. 

### Large Modal

- For a large content area. 

### Transactional modal

- The user needs to take an action for the modal to be completed and closed. It contains the cancel and primary action buttons.

### Warning modal 

- They appear in anticipation of a significant change. Used mainly to inform but not alarm.

### Danger modal 

- Used for destructive or irreversible actions. We should explain the impact of proceeding with this action.
