src/Button/Button.mdx, before:

import { ArgsTable, Story, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

# Button

## Anatomy:
- **Leading icon (optional):** Should be included when the button has a clear action verb (e.g. Edit, Save, Delete)
- **Label:** Utilizes sentence-casing (e.g. “New project”)
- **Container:** Indicates the button's touch target
- **Trailing icon (optional):** Typically used as a dropdown arrow

## Best practices
- A layout should have one prominent button, the others should clearly be secondary
- Use sentence casing for all buttons (e.g. “New project”)
- Maintain `verb` + `noun` syntax for labels (e.g. "Save profile" vs "save")
- Avoid generic messaging such as "Ok"
- Use 3 or fewer words for each button
- Use a leading icon alongside a label if there is a primary action verb (e.g. Edit, Share, Copy)
- Icon-only buttons should only be permitted if
	- Space is limited (e.g. too small for text alone)
	- The icon is standardized or represents an object with a strong physical analog or visual attribute (e.g. floppy disk, pencil)

## Guidelines

### General

### Implementation

### Copy

## Stories

### Primary

- Very important actions that usually trigger a longer workflow.

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--primary" />
</Preview>

### Danger

- Used to indicate destructive actions.

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--danger" />
</Preview>

### Warning

- Currently only used for managing project drafts, but could potentially be used to indicate actions that need require special attention.

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--warning" />
</Preview>

### Transparent

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--transparent" />
</Preview>

### Secondary

### Tertiary

Commit message:

Button and Link distinction documentation (#587)

src/Button/Button.mdx, after:

import { ArgsTable, Story, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

# Button

##

<h4>
	Buttons allow users to take actions and make choices.
</h4>

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-button--primary" />
</Canvas>

## Anatomy:
- **Leading icon (optional):** Should be included when the button has a clear action verb (e.g. Edit, Save, Delete)
- **Label:** Utilizes sentence-casing (e.g. “New project”)
- **Container:** Indicates the button's touch target
- **Trailing icon (optional):** Typically used as a dropdown arrow


## Guidelines

### Implementation
- A layout should have one prominent button, the others should clearly be secondary

### Copy
- Use sentence casing for all buttons (e.g. “New project”)
- Maintain `verb` + `noun` syntax for labels (e.g. "Save profile" vs "save")
- Avoid generic messaging such as "Ok"
- Use 3 or fewer words for each button

### Iconography
- Font Awesome library
  - We utilize the Regular and Solid Font Awesome icons
  - Only use Solid icons on icon-only buttons. import `@fortawesome/pro-solid-svg-icons`
  - Use Regular icons for all other buttons. import `@fortawesome/pro-regular-svg-icons`
- Use a leading icon alongside a label if there is a primary action verb (e.g. Edit, Share, Copy)
- Icon-only buttons should only be permitted if
	- Space is limited (e.g. too small for text alone)
	- The icon is standardized or represents an object with a strong physical analog or visual attribute (e.g. floppy disk (Save), pencil (Edit))

## Button vs. Link distinction

- Buttons are used for actions that affect the application. Clicking them causes changes on the frontend or backend.
- Links are used for navigation.

**For accessibility purposes, it’s important to style buttons as buttons and links as links. So if the app’s CTA only takes the user to a new page, use a link instead.**


## Stories

### Primary

- Important actions that usually trigger a longer workflow.

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--primary" />
</Preview>

### Danger

- Used to indicate destructive actions.

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--danger" />
</Preview>

### Warning

- Currently only used for managing project drafts, but could potentially be used to indicate actions that need require special attention.

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--warning" />
</Preview>

### Transparent

<Preview>
  <Story id="components-button--transparent" />
</Preview>
