src/Pill/Pill.mdx, before:

import { ArgsTable, Story, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import Pill from './Pill';

# Pill

##

<h4>
  Represents an object that can be viewed with or without an icon. Useful when describing or categorizing a property.
</h4>

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--default" />
</Canvas>

### When to use
- Use to label, categorize, or organize items using keywords that describe them
- Use to highlight an item's status for quick recognition
- Help users search for and find related content quickly and easily
- Ideal to indicate meanings that users can learn and recognize across the app

### When to not use
- Reason 1
- Reason 2

## Props

<ArgsTable of={Pill} />


## Stories

### Default
- The default Pill and available colors

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--default" />
</Canvas>

### With Container
- The `Pills` container should be used when a collection of `Pill` components are displayed

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-container" />
</Canvas>

### With Leading Icon
- Import an icon that is most relevant to the text

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-leading-icon" />
</Canvas>

### With Close
- For Pills that need to option to be closed

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-close" />
</Canvas>

### With Link
- For Pills that link to more information
- The Pill accepts an `<a>` tag as a child

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-link" />
</Canvas>


## Formatting

### States

### Anatomy
- **Content: ** main content area of the Pill. Can be provided plain text or a link (`<a>`) as `children`
- **Icon: ** relevant icon that makes it easier for users to identify (always placed left of the Content)
- **Close: ** users have the option to clear the pill (provided by default with the presence of the `onClose` function)

### Sizing

### Alignment


## Best practices

### General

### Behavior

### Implementation
- Use the `PILL_COLORS` constant when setting the `color` prop
- Can use either the `text` prop or provide an element via `children` for content. (Note: the `text` prop is planned to be retired in favor of `children` in a future release)
- If using plain text or an element as the content via `children`, do not wrap in block-level elements (e.g. `<p>` or `div`)

### UX Copy

Commit message:

add Statuses story and cleanup docs

src/Pill/Pill.mdx, after:

import { ArgsTable, Story, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import Pill from './Pill';

# Pill

##

<h4>
  Pills are used to inform users of the status of an object or of an action that’s been taken.
</h4>

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--default" />
</Canvas>

### When to use
- Use to label, categorize, or organize items using keywords that describe them
- Use to highlight an item's status for quick recognition
- Help users search for and find related content quickly and easily
- Ideal to indicate meanings that users can learn and recognize across the app

## Props

<ArgsTable of={Pill} />


## Stories

### Default
- The default Pill and available colors

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--default" />
</Canvas>

### Statuses

Use the appropriate color to indicate the status of an object 

**Informational**
- blue: neutral information ("Verified")
- silver: typically represents project type info ("1-on-1 Interview", "Online")

**Partially complete**
- orange: ("Pending review", "Under investigation")

**Incomplete**
- yellow: ("Draft")

**Attention**
- red: ("Action required", "Missing field")

**Active**
- green: ("Active", "Confirmed")

**Inactive**
- gray: ("Completed", "Expired")

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--statuses" />
</Canvas>

### With Container
- The `Pills` container should be used when a collection of `Pill` components are displayed

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-container" />
</Canvas>

### With Leading Icon
- Import an icon that is most relevant to the text

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-leading-icon" />
</Canvas>

### With Close
- For Pills that need to option to be closed

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-close" />
</Canvas>

### With Link
- For Pills that link to more information
- The Pill accepts an `<a>` tag as a child

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-pill--with-link" />
</Canvas>


## Formatting

### Anatomy
- **Content: ** main content area of the Pill. Can be provided plain text or a link (`<a>`) as `children`
- **Icon: ** relevant icon that makes it easier for users to identify (always placed left of the Content)
- **Close: ** users have the option to clear the pill (provided by default with the presence of the `onClose` function)

## Best practices

### Implementation
- Use the `PILL_COLORS` constant when setting the `color` prop
- Can use either the `text` prop or provide an element via `children` for content. (Note: the `text` prop is planned to be retired in favor of `children` in a future release)
- If using plain text or an element as the content via `children`, do not wrap in block-level elements (e.g. `<p>` or `div`)
