src/Alert/Alert.mdx, before:

import { ArgTypes, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import Alert from './Alert';
import * as ComponentStories from './Alert.stories';

# Alert

## 

<h4>
  Alerts give users updates or changes to system status. Providing immediate feedback is important for
  building trust.  While alerts are a great way of communicating with users, they are disruptive and
  should be used cautiously.
</h4>

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Success} />

### When to use 
- Reason 1
- Reason 2

### When to not use
- Reason 1
- Reason 2

## Props

<ArgTypes of={Alert} />

## Stories

### Success

- Used when something went as planned.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Success} />

### Info

- Information that needs to be referenced often or is very important. These alerts are within the
page and are not affected by an event.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Info} />

### Error

- Used when something did not go as planned, and action is needed to proceed.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Error} />

### Warning

- Messages used for general information on a more temporary level, not based on the user
performing an action. 

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Warning} />

### With Dismiss

- Used in cases where a user would want to dismiss or remove an alert from view.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.WithDismiss} />

### With Call To Action

- Used to provide a call to action for the user. 
- You should primarily use the `action` prop to create the CTA.
- Using the `action` prop creates a 4-column grid versus the default 3-column grid on this component.
- The `action` prop can take an object `{ content: 'string', url: 'string' }` or a React element (e.g. for cases when you want to use a custom button). See example below.
```
<Alert
  action={{ content: 'Primary action', url: 'https://www.userinterviews.com/' }}
/>

or 

<Alert
  action={<CustomButton/>}
/>

```
- Option: you can place the CTA in the `message` prop for special edge cases when you want the CTA to always be below the Alert message (see code example below). This is only used for custom CTA buttons. Otherwise, please use the `action` prop for all CTAs. 
```
Custom CTA via message prop 

 <Alert
  message={(
    <Fragment>
      <div>When you confirm a session we’ll automatically
        add an event and reminders to your Google Calendar.
      </div>
      <GoogleCalendarButton />
    </Fragment>
  )}
```
<Canvas of={ComponentStories.WithCallToAction} />

## Formatting

### States

### Anatomy 
- **Icon:** Allow users to identify the type of alert at a glance
- **Title:** Summary of alert topic 
- **Message:** Provide details or actionable step for user
- **CTA:** To provide more details, an action, or an escape so users can finish the task they were doing
- **Close icon:** Closes the alert

### Sizing

### Alignment


## Best practices

### General

- Alerts should be placed near their related items and embedded in the app. 
- They should expand within their container. 
- The width of inline alerts can vary depending on the content and layout.

### Behavior

### Implementation

### UX Copy

Commit message:

add feature variant to Alert / Callout, unpublish announcement variant (#963)

src/Alert/Alert.mdx, after:

import { ArgTypes, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import Alert from './Alert';
import * as ComponentStories from './Alert.stories';

# Alert

## 

<h4>
  Alerts give users updates or changes to system status. Providing immediate feedback is important for
  building trust.  While alerts are a great way of communicating with users, they are disruptive and
  should be used cautiously.
</h4>

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Success} />

## Props

<ArgTypes of={Alert} />

## Stories

### Success

- Used when something went as planned.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Success} />

### Info

- Information that needs to be referenced often or is very important. These alerts are within the
page and are not affected by an event.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Info} />

### Feature

- Use when showcasing a new feature to a user.
- NOTE: use this variant instead of the Announcement variant (this will be deprecated soon)

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Feature} />

### Error

- Used when something did not go as planned, and action is needed to proceed.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Error} />

### Warning

- Messages used for general information on a more temporary level, not based on the user
performing an action. 

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.Warning} />

### With Dismiss

- Used in cases where a user would want to dismiss or remove an alert from view.

<Canvas of={ComponentStories.WithDismiss} />

### With Call To Action

- Used to provide a call to action for the user. 
- You should primarily use the `action` prop to create the CTA.
- Using the `action` prop creates a 4-column grid versus the default 3-column grid on this component.
- The `action` prop can take an object `{ content: 'string', url: 'string' }` or a React element (e.g. for cases when you want to use a custom button). See example below.
```
<Alert
  action={{ content: 'Primary action', url: 'https://www.userinterviews.com/' }}
/>

or 

<Alert
  action={<CustomButton/>}
/>

```
- Option: you can place the CTA in the `message` prop for special edge cases when you want the CTA to always be below the Alert message (see code example below). This is only used for custom CTA buttons. Otherwise, please use the `action` prop for all CTAs. 
```
Custom CTA via message prop 

 <Alert
  message={(
    <Fragment>
      <div>When you confirm a session we’ll automatically
        add an event and reminders to your Google Calendar.
      </div>
      <GoogleCalendarButton />
    </Fragment>
  )}
```
<Canvas of={ComponentStories.WithCallToAction} />

## Formatting

### States

### Anatomy 
- **Icon:** Allow users to identify the type of alert at a glance
- **Title:** Summary of alert topic 
- **Message:** Provide details or actionable step for user
- **CTA:** To provide more details, an action, or an escape so users can finish the task they were doing
- **Close icon:** Closes the alert

### Sizing

### Alignment


## Best practices

### General

- Alerts should be placed near their related items and embedded in the app. 
- They should expand within their container. 
- The width of inline alerts can vary depending on the content and layout.

### Behavior

### Implementation

### UX Copy
